Hey,
hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey,
hey,
hey.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Heat. Heat.
All right, y'all.
We are live on this beautiful Thursday
afternoon. God bless everybody in the
name of Jesus, Yeshua, the Messiah. I
pray you and your family are super
blessed as Bitcoin is in a precarious
situation today. We're going to be
diving deep into the charts, explaining
to you exactly what comes next. You want
to know exactly what comes next? you
come to the right channel because we're
here to give you everything you're here
to hear.
Everything that you're here to hear
here. Here, my dear. Big shout out to
everybody in the chat. All right, we got
to give a major shout out to everybody
in the chat. Shout out to Manufree 83.
Shout out to Doc the goat. He says,
"Never,
never." Jay Casper, man says, "Countdown
to start 3 days and 18 hours." Shout out
to AM7911. Mostly all also sitting on
major supports. Doc the goat says,
"Hoody who? What up Jay? What's good
everybody?" Shout out to Error Epic.
Shout out to Gety M9Q. And major shout
out to AUDHD
who's shouting out Fix Everything who
took a juicy long from 62 to 64, put a
short to 625 and opened again along to
64. What a blessing today. That's
awesome.
Shout out to Leil TWW656
who says crypto is dead. Shout out to
Suzanne Ross who says 868 then we will
see. Shout out to Leil T4656 who says I
believe. And big shout out to Jay Becker
Digi Gaming Pro. This one may cut you.
Hope you're doing good, homie. Just
kidding. Yeah, this short trade is
pretty pretty juicy right now. Honestly,
mark my words. Bitcoin 58 in a few hours
with proper analysis. Yeah, I mean well
let's look at the chart here.
Our next zone of support here and this
is on the index is um the golden pocket
which is right at 58k right at the value
area low of the range. If we go to buy
bit,
let's clear off everything from buyit
and let's take a look at the range over
on bit.
Go ahead and pull this.
Go ahead and pull that dang Fibonacci
from the low to the high.
And let's see what we can get here.
Look at that.
Look at that. Right at 58K. Right at the
bottom of this range here within the
next few hours. It's It is possible.
It's very possible if we lose this low
that we made here on February 6. Yeah,
super possible.
Super possible.
Jason, update to your last long trade,
please. Sure, let's take a look. All
right, let's take a look.
So, my last two long trades, guys,
actually, my last three,
$5,000 loss,
$4,300 loss. I happen to snipe a little
bit of a win here. Doesn't really count
for much. And my short trade is
currently up right now, $77,000 in
profit.
Um, yeah. So, that's the updates on my
last long trades, guys. Absolutely got
sliced up on these dang longs.
You know, this is honestly the worst
week of trading I've had
probably since January.
Since January, I I was I I mean, you
know, overall, what can I say?
What can I say? Overall, if I look at
all the trades I've taken
over the past few months, I was actually
just looking at it here. I've taken 75
trades since March.
I've had 32 winners, 40 43 losses. I
lost $105,000.
Someone made a comment the other day,
which is true. They said, "Jason loses
more with good risk management than most
people make in a year." I guess that's
true. I made a total profit of $36,000,
lost $15,000.
So my total profit net is about 200k
since March. So it's three months. It's
not so bad. If if I cut out my losses,
that's 100K a month. All right. My
Let's see.
Um
42.7% win rate.
about a 3 to one profit factor in
general.
Um,
it's the big wins that get me through.
So,
yeah, I was just looking at all that
stuff.
So, it's very interesting. I this this
week, you know,
I've I've lost Yeah, this is a bad week
for me. Of all the trades I've taken
this week, I don't think I've gotten a
single winner. No. No. No single
winners. No single winners.
I sounded mad on X. I did sound mad on
X. Sometimes I look at my X post and I
think, man, Jason Casper is so gay.
Um, but I think Jason Casper posted that
on X because yesterday
I did uh start my stream out by blaming
everybody except myself. I blamed Donald
Trump. I blamed the market makers.
Um, I blamed the market. I blamed
Richard Hart. I blame Michael Sailor.
I think that's why Jason Casper posted
that on X.
Um,
shout out to
Machu Picchu says, "Both on thin ice for
sure." Shout out to Bartzette.
Bartet, I'm sorry, man. That's the way
the cookie crumbles. If someone if
someone beat you to the punch with a
fake YouTube name, I don't know if
you're a fake or not, bro. But
shout out to Liberty and Trust. Lots of
people got chopped up. Yeah, I
definitely got chopped up. Jason Casper
wins less than half his trades. Yes,
that is true. That is true.
Um,
told you all hell needs to break loose,
my friends, says Brandon Garcia.
Yeah, I do feel I Well, okay, so let's
let's dive into the chart. And as you
can see, I I've taken a long here. I I
should have taken profit, but I didn't.
But that's okay. I'm risking very little
money on this trade, but basically why I
because of the dang Fibonacci
golden pocket.
Should have taken profit. I I was hoping
to make a new high. Whatever. Now, let's
let's get let's come on over to the
charts here, guys. And uh let's just do
some analysis. If this range is going to
break to the downside,
which so far it seems like the answer is
we are going to. If if we cannot close a
daily candle at least
above 62 389 and 60 cents on buy bit USD
then the highest probability for sure is
we tap into the Fibonacci golden pocket
confluence with the value area low
of this range that we've been trading
really since February of 2024.
This is a beautiful next zone for
support. And of course,
here's the thing for me in general. I
have these two fib levels pulled here. I
would prefer if the bare market does
bottom out lower than this area. I would
prefer if we actually bottom out closer
to this area, just dipping below
$40,000. Could it happen? Anything's
possible.
The last three bull bear cycles, we have
bottomed out at that 786 Fibonacci,
which is why I'm eyeing that for a nice
buy. But definitely coming down to the
mid-50s is my next spot buy on Bitcoin.
And and the question now is, is it time
to buy? Is it time to buy? Should I
Should I take the $200,000 I made in the
last 3 months trading Bitcoin and put it
into spot Bitcoin?
Well, here's the thing, guys. I would
say that right now, if you have not
purchased any spot Bitcoin yet, this is
an opportunity right now to buy at
$62,000.
This is an opportunity. In fact, if we
can buy in this zone right here, this is
going to be the place. In my opinion,
not financial advice. I'm not a
financial adviser. I'm an idiot sweaty
guy in a treadmill and a 25 lb weighted
vest.
Okay? I am an idiot. Didn't graduate
from high school. There's even rumors
out there that I think the Earth is
flat. All right? I definitely don't
believe we landed on the moon. So, you
don't want to take financial advice from
me. But here's the thing.
Where we are right now in the cycle is
this, right? From the all-time high to
the low historically, it's about a year.
It's about a year. Okay? Now, if we take
our all-time high and project that a
year into the future, that is going to
bring us right to
October. Boom. All right. This green
line is the fi the year from the
all-time high. All right, this is
typically where we tend to end the this
is where the bottom comes in. All right,
now also if we take the Fibonacci
from the lows to the highs. Let's go
ahead and double click on our 886 fib.
Every single bare market, we do bottom
out lower than people want.
Lower than people think is possible. I
mean, that is something I do want to
point out, guys. We always bottom out
much lower than what people think is
possible. I mean, how many times did we
hear we were never going to see Bitcoin
under $70,000 again.
But you can see every time we come down
to that 786 fib, right now that 786 fib
is just dipping just below $40,000.
Obviously our next major support is the
golden pocket. Also people are looking
at the fractal here which is this. The
fractal is we have high number one. We
form the range a higher high drop
bare flag
drop
kind of hop around and then it's the
bull market. Right. So we have high
number one form the range high number
two
drop
bare flag
drop. Now this is the chop around part
right. So this could actually be our low
here. We might bottom out. This this
next big drop could be the bottom this
time especially if it lines up with
the fall. fall. Now, if it doesn't line
up with the fall, maybe we drop, we form
another range down here and that one
lines up with the fall and then we can
get our bull market. Either way, this is
the zone to be accumulating Bitcoin on
spot in my non-financial advice opinion.
I've already purchased Bitcoin at this
price and if we make another low, I am
also going to be purchasing Bitcoin on
spot. All right, I was very adamant
about the fact that Bitcoin
was going to drop below $70,000.
All right, over on X.
Let's see where where's where is X? Here
it is. Over on X. I mean, we we we got
to go way back in time for this. We got
to go all the way back to November.
I don't even know if we'll have time to
get to November.
Let's see.
I don't know if I'll have time to get to
November.
This is April, man. It's crazy how how
time flies. Isn't it crazy how time
flies, guys?
Time just goes by.
Make sure to spend time with your loved
ones, with your family.
Don't spend too much time on these
charts, man. These charts will just suck
your life away. It is crazy
how much time goes by. How many tweets
go by?
How many tweets go by?
Yeah, we go back to November 2019.
Jason Casper says, "I'm not buying till
less than 70." Obviously,
I got a lot of hate for that,
but it says, "Check back in February to
see if I'm [__] or not." Of course,
on February
5th
is the day that we lost $70,000. And so
I did. I bought Bitcoin in the mid60s.
And you know, so far the plan has been
right on on track, right? You never know
if the plan's going to work until
hindsight. But what was the plan? The
plan was 500 days after the having is
the all-time high. So the having
happened in April 2024.
500 days put us right around here, right
around August. All right, the summer.
And so as we're up in these areas, we're
expecting the top to be in soon. We
shorted $126,000
in the dang Casper Crew VIP Discord. And
then as soon as we in November, as soon
as we lost this trend line, this is when
I was convinced it was over. All right,
November, right here, we lost the trend
line. This is when I made the tweet that
I'm not buying until under 70K cuz once
you lose the bull market trend line, you
know it's over, right? Of course, we
bare flag back test the value area high.
Shoot all the way down. Now, if this is
still going to if this 4-year cycle is
still going to be correct from the high,
we're looking about a year. Yeah, that's
going to put us in the middle of October
right there. So around October, this is
when we should be looking for the bull
market to really start. Q4.
Q4 of 2026 is likened to Q4 of 2022.
All right, Q4 of 2022. Of course, at the
time, everyone was in utter distress
because of FTX and crypto's dead and all
this, but then boom, Q1 2020 2024 2023
starts the bull run. So, I'm expecting
Q1 2027
to begin the next bull run. So, if we
drop below
this low here and we're coming down to
the golden pocket, absolutely my next
spot buy is going to be in the mid50s
and then my next spot buy is going to be
in the mid-40s if we manage to come down
that low. And I'm hoping that we do
touch the 786
dipping below $40,000 just to freak
everybody out
before
we go to pump city. All right. So, to
answer the question, is it time to buy?
I say if you're not in Bitcoin at all
right now and you're bullish on the
asset, I'd say yeah. I'd say yeah, it is
time to buy. If you're not in Bitcoin at
all and you're bullish on the asset
right now, this is a very rare
opportunity from the all-time high to
where we're currently at right now. The
Bitcoin price is down
50%. All right, we're getting half off.
Half off. That's amazing. That is
amazing.
Now, last bull run when we came down 50%
that was $33,000.
If you had bought $33,000, 50% off
Bitcoin last time, well, you would have
ended up in 271% profit. That's almost a
3x and you didn't even buy close to the
bottom. Now, last time if you had bought
50% off and then 60% off and then 70%
off, now your average entry is like
$20,000. Now you're riding that thing up
for a 400 a 4.5x.
All right. So, so now is definitely not
the time to be scared and now is
definitely not the time to sell unless
you are you do not believe in Bitcoin,
right? If you don't believe in the
fundamentals of what Bitcoin is, then
this video, this stream isn't even for
you. All right? But so far, the trend is
our friend until the end of the trend.
And so far, the trend is an uptrend.
And every retracement bounces from this
fib zone that we're coming down to now
towards and it lines up right around a
year after that all-time high. Right?
all-time high comes in,
right? December 2017 and of course
December 2018, a year later, it's the
exact bottom, right? We have ourselves
December 2013 up here and we bottom out
in December 2014 right here. It's pretty
much like clockwork. It's It's actually
pretty crazy. It's actually pretty
crazy. So this first cycle was a little
bit different. We topped out in May 2011
and then May 2012
was not the bottom. We actually did
bottom out there in November 2011. So
the last one, two, three cycles,
the last three cycles, it been exactly a
year since the all-time high, right? 500
days after the having all-time high, 365
days after the all-time high to the
bottom. and it respects these fib
levels. So, we can't be 100% certain
about everything. But, I mean, what do
they say? History doesn't rhyme, but it
repeats exactly word for word, letter
for letter, dot for dot every single
time.
I think they say something like that. Or
maybe they don't say anything like that.
Maybe that's the opposite of what people
say. But who cares? Cuz I'm not a
financial adviser.
All right? I'm not a financial adviser.
Now, make sure to smash
the dang like button.
And I'm gonna tell you guys my personal
plan here to try and become
well,
I'm going to tell you my personal plan
to try and turn a couple hundred,000
into a few million. I'm going to share
it with you. My plan and I don't know if
it's going to happen. All right? If I
see the opportunity, I'm going to go for
it. All right? If I see the opportunity,
I'm going to go for it. I'm thinking of
taking maybe a quarter million dollars
into a leveraged long trade. All right.
And putting maybe a million dollars,
maybe $1.5 million into a Bitcoin
leveraged long trade. If we I see a
bounce from the 78, I'm going to go for
a more ninja entry. I'm going to be
risking quite a bit. This is kind of
like a uh it's a risky spot play because
I'm going to be taking some of my spot
Bitcoin, leveraging it up
inverse perpetual. So, I'm going to be
looking to take my profit in Bitcoin and
I'm going to be looking to ride this
thing back up, you know, 200%
for my first take profit. Now, keep in
mind, this is really going to be 200%
on a million or 1.5 million, right? So,
because I'm leveraging up maybe a
quarter million. So, maybe hopefully
turning a million into 2 million or I'm
sorry, $250,000 into 2 million, maybe
maybe 2.5 million. Of course, it's going
to be worth more than that by then
because I'm going to be making money
inverse perpetual. I'm going to be
earning Bitcoin, which is going to be
going up in value as I'm getting more
Bitcoin. This is kind of my goal. I
don't know if I'm actually going to get
to do that. Everything is going to have
to work out perfectly. like this is not
the kind of trade I'm going to force.
I'm going to have to I'm really I'm
going to have to I'm going to have to go
for it if everything works out
perfectly. That's kind of my plan. It's
it's almost like a challenge to myself
to see first of all, is the four-year
cycle going to be reliable?
Is the four years going to be be
reliable this time? If we're if it's the
fall, if it's October, November, and
we're down at the 786, and I see some
good signs down there, and I see a good
lower time frame entry, I'm going to go
for a juicy swing long trade, maybe
four, 5x leverage,
you know,
um, inverse perpetual,
and see if I can't make that happen. All
right. Of course, anything I do is just
the Lord giving me the power to do so. I
don't I don't lose sight of that truth.
Okay? But it is a bit of a challenge to
see, can I stick to a plan? Can I time
the market cycle? Can I take 250 and
turn it into $2 million?
Let's see what can happen. All right.
Let's see what can happen.
Final target below 40K. Yeah. So, that's
where I'd be looking to get into that
long trade. If we dip below 40k, that's
where I'm really looking for that entry.
Um,
you'll take that trade, but max 2x
leverage. Yeah, I'll see how I'll see
how big my testicles are at the time.
You know, I'll see how big they are at
the time. You know, if it's too cold
outside, maybe they'll be too small for
me to go 5x leverage. If it's hot out
and I'm really overheated, then perhaps
5x leverage. It all depends on the
weather, you know. I take trades based
on the weather. You guys take trades
based on the weather.
Flash thinks I could do it. I I feel
like I could do it, too. Man, it's going
to take some serious discipline. I'm
going to open that trade. I'm not even
going to show it to you guys because I
need to do it in private. All right? I
need to do it in the quiet of my own
mind. I can't do it with the chat
yelling at me to close the trade or TP1
or all this, you know. I got to just let
that thing ride. All right. So, it's not
going to be a public trade. It's going
to be a private trade.
No need for small leverage. Well,
Gerbin, I usually would agree with you
on that. I usually agree that leverage
is a fool's game.
Um, but here's the thing. I feel like
I'm I'm experienced enough. Famous last
words. I feel like I'm experienced
enough to give this thing a shot. You
know, I'm not a big fan of leveraging up
spot positions. I'm really not.
Uh I'm a big fan of spot only because
you can't get liquidated and in a
bullish trend. That's the way to go. You
know, 5x leverage 20% draw down is going
to going to liquidate me. So per, you
know, I'm only going to go in 5x
leverage, guys, if I have a really
precise entry. Like that's the thing.
the the amount of money I put on the
trade is obviously going to depend on
the setup that I see when we're in that
area, right? An ideal setup would be the
same setup that I got last bare market
bottom.
You know, last bare market bottom.
Let's see here.
Let me see here.
See, here here's the thing, right? The
last bare market bottom.
I longed the exact bottom. I longed the
exact bottom. All right. It it's it's
sad to say
because I I didn't
I didn't have the foresight,
right?
I didn't have the foresight to hold this
trade that I was in from 15,594.
All right, 16x leverage. I was I was
viewing this thing as a scalp trade. All
right, I had already closed out half the
trade after a very small move and then I
ended up closing out the whole trade. I
I think I had about $50,000
on the position in total at the time.
Now, if I had just held that $50,000
position
from the exact bottom, I think to
myself, that's insane. 50,000
from the exact bottom. If I had held
that to the top, you know, with 50
grand,
you know, we're talking
a 7x, right? That's a 7x. That's pretty
crazy. That's like $350,000.
I could have just held that, but I
didn't. I closed it out, right? And but
my my point is, how did I long the
bottom here? It was just a very simple
low time frame setup. So now I'm going
to think to myself, okay, if we're
coming down to these levels where I do
expect the bottom to be in, right? Then
I'm going to look for an entry like
this. This entry was a very precise
entry. This entry was the most basic
thing in the world, right? It was a
what was it? What was it? It was a basic
chicken drink in one of the most simple,
easiest trade setup in the world. All
right. was this
basically we had made that first low
and then I was looking to take out that
low $15,450
right it's where I was looking to get in
if we took if we came to this little
green box right so if I see an
opportunity like this
you know something like this this time
then I'm going to I'm going to I'm going
to hold that trade I'm not I'm not going
to be scared and say we're in a
downtrend
I'm going to try and hold that trade for
an epic
swing. I know. Is it is am I going to
fail? I might fail. I might fail. I
might fail. Okay,
I failed. But we'll have to see. Jason,
MM Crypto at the bottom.
Yeah, I didn't I went well I did mm
crypto to the bottom in the sense that
at the same time that I entered into
this this long trade here
from literally the exact bottom I did
buy lots of spa bitcoin
when we were under $17,000
I bought a lot of Bitcoin on spot.
So in a sense I did mm crypto the bottom
two but this time not only am I trying
to buy the Bitcoin on spot I'm going to
dabble my foot into leverage here. I'm
going I am going to try and m MM crypto
the bottom. All right. I'm going to try
and mm crypto the bottom.
How about 1x for entry after it goes up
confidently? Raise leverage.
Nah. Nah.
No. I want to go in with the leverage,
man. Because here's the thing. It's not
about the leverage. Who cares about
upping the leverage to free money in the
account? I I don't care about that. I
don't care about that. I care about the
position size on the trade. Right? I'm
I'm a little bit of my greed
is coming in here saying, "Look, if
we're if we're coming down to the zone
that I think his historically has been
and historically and futuristically will
be the bottom right around here, I want
to go in with, you know, a a seven
figure a seven figure position on
leverage. I want I just want to see if I
can do it. I want to see if I can
leverage up 250k, 300k
and and and ride this thing up. I just
want to see if I can do it, you know?
So, it's not it's not about the
leverage. You don't understand. I'm not
using leverage for any reason other than
to put more money on the trade. All
right. I want to see if I can do it. I
want to see if I can do it. Maybe I'll
go in with 2x leverage. Put 500k 2x.
That's the safest way. Like I said, it
depends on the weather. It depends on
the weather. How's the calf routine
going? It's going great. All right. The
calf routine is going excellent.
Historically
and futuristically, that sounds very
scientific. Yes, Jay. I took a couple
losses yesterday. Frustrating. Still
making progress on my client evaluation.
That's cool, man. I took a few losses
yesterday, too.
I took a few losses yesterday as well.
Um,
Copium says, "Bitcoin is not done
dumping."
You know, um, I don't think so either,
but we'll see. You're thinking 53 will
be the bottom, says Wan Estrada. I'm
hoping
that 38 is the bottom. That's what I
really hope for. 39. 38. 39. Just dip
below 40K. That's really what I hope.
Maybe swing failure pattern this.
That would be an epic bottom, wouldn't
that be? Can you imagine swinging
failure pattern 385
bounce from that 786?
That would be the perfect bottom. the
perfect bottom. Of course, a perfect
bottom isn't perfect unless the perfect
bottom's accompanied by another perfect
bottom, if you guys know what I mean.
We're talking about the bullish
divergences,
you know, momentum getting higher as the
price is getting lower.
That's what we're talking about here.
Are we really expecting a 40k range?
So, here's the thing. Am I expecting 40k
at this point? I don't know what to
expect at this point. I'm just I
Everything I've just said so far,
everything's on on time frame schedule.
There you go. Everything's been on
schedule from the high.
From the bottom to the high,
from the from the having to the high.
Everything's been on schedule for the
four-year cycle. All right. And if we're
going to continue the pattern of the
four-year cycle, then yeah, it makes
sense we would come down to the 786
retrace like we had for the last three
times. And it makes sense that would
happen in around 500 days after the
all-time high. If it doesn't happen that
way, then this whole idea isn't going to
work out and I'm not going to be able to
get into the trade that I'm talking
about. But if it does work out, that's
the only way I'll be able to get into
this trade. All right, so I hope I hope
that makes a bit of sense. Let's go down
to some lower time frames. We'll talk
about what's happening with Bitcoin.
First of all, why are we bouncing from
here or at least consolidating here? I
wouldn't call this a bounce. Um,
you know,
no such thing as a perfect bottom.
That's true. There really is. The 30s
would be epic.
How effed are we? I don't think we're
effed. You know, I don't think we're
effed.
Imagine adding to an MM crypto trade.
have to understand when you're mm crypto
again it's it's all it's all relative
right it's all relative to how much
money you got you know I don't think
we're effed guys
I really don't think we're effed
something here
the reason why I don't say we're effed
is because if if you have the right
perspective the lower the price goes the
better All right.
Yeah, more like a bare penant. All
right, let's go. Let's pop into the
chart here. Let's talk about why we're
bouncing from where we're at. First of
all, this is the higher time frame. This
is the 200E moving average here,
which uh the 200WE moving average. We
always dip below on the bare markets,
right? And that tends to be the bottom.
A little bit under, a little bit under
into the 786 every single time. So,
let's see if the same thing happens here
or not. But, let's clear off the chart.
Let's go to the daily time frame and
let's talk about why we are coming down
to the last place that we might or could
bounce before making a new low. All
right, where are we coming down to? We
are currently consolidating. The reason
we're consolidating is because we have
come to the 886 Fibonacci.
We are struggling with this level. It's
the confluence of the 886 Fibonacci and
the liquidity that we had right here
from 62527.
Right?
And so this is the last place where we
could get a bounce before taking the
low. All right. So that's why we're
currently getting a bounce from here. Do
I expect lower at this point? I do
because we haven't seen any kind of
serious bounce from this level, right?
We're simply just consolidating here.
And so
this consolidation is is most probable
to to hit another low. All right. Now,
if if we do start to
get a move up, then our first target is
going to be the back test of $65,300.
This is right now 65.3 is important
resistance. This is the value area low
of the previous range. So right now
major resistance is going to be this.
All right, this keyback test level.
You can see that this has been major
support all throughout the range. Now is
flipped into resistance. If we reclaim
this green box, then we could
potentially get a move up to
put on our golden pocket, put on our
786.
Then we could get a move potentially all
the way up to $75,000. That's the the
next very important resistance. If we're
looking at this as a sideways range
here, that would be the R from the range
low to the range high. If we come back
inside the range low, we could get a
move up there. Before we get there,
there are some other levels that we need
to be aware of. 68.8 8 is uh important
around 70K is also important because 70K
would be the back test of these lows
that we have right here. All right.
So, there are some levels on the way up
to be aware of. But until we can reclaim
65.3, there's no reason to be thinking
about these levels. As soon as we do,
these are levels to be aware of. And if
we fail to reclaim 65.3, especially if
we close the week below
65.3, that's a weekly close below the
value area low. That's a pretty strong
signal of a breakdown. And then I would
say we're going for the low at well what
we did on the index around $60,000. On
some other exchanges, we dip below 60K.
If we go to buy bit,
you can see that we dipped below
60K and we actually hit 59815.
All right. So, if we're going to be
coming down to 59815,
well, we have the macro range golden
pocket pull from the low in 2022 to the
high in 2026.
I'm sorry, was that 2025? Sheesh. the
low in 2022 to the high in 2025 and
that's a beautiful nice zone of support
right around this area which I kind of
do expect that we hit next and then from
here either we form a new range or maybe
this range right here
goes on for a little bit. All right. Uh
the reason why I say that is because for
all intents and purposes we are trading
back within this zone here. Right?
You'll you'll find a lot of times that
when the price forms a range, exits the
range, and then comes back into that
range, it starts to trade in that range.
Um, what do I mean by that?
Well, let's let's find a good example of
that. A good example of that is this
here. All right, we had this range
back in December, January, February of
2021. And then in the summer of that
year, when price came back into that
zone, we started to respect that range
again, right?
Then you can see that we have this range
over here for example
and when price came back into that range
we started to respect those levels once
again right that's just kind of the way
things work. We had this range over here
this range right here and what do you
know when the price comes back into it
we are once again respecting those
levels. In fact, if you look at the
bounce that we got from down here, it's
pretty much from the same low that we
had here, right? That support resistance
flip. We don't have too many examples in
recent history of this because we've
been in a pretty powerful uptrend here.
Um,
yeah, this this wasn't the best example
of that over here. But definitely this
is something just to be aware of. If
we're not going to hit $40,000, it is
possible that we just do something like
this where we come down here, we come
back into the range, we come back down,
we come back into the range or whatever,
and that's going to be like our
accumulation that lasts a little longer.
And then we do still get an October,
November low, but we don't come down as
deep as people, well, when I say people,
I mean me. We don't come down as deep as
I want, but we just chop around a little
bit more here. kind of similarly to what
happened back here, the bottom of the
bare market where, you know, we we get a
low and then we chop back up and
basically this
is our big range. This is like the a
bullish deviation here
and then we go into pump city. So,
something similar to what happened last
time, right? We get another low, we chop
around, but then we're back up inside
the range and then we pump, right? Those
are two kind of scenarios here as we
recognize that the time is drawing near,
right? The time is at hand right now for
this bare market to be over
like Grover,
a supernova.
Dano Krypto, he says, "My bottom is in
my pants, but it's ripped like
Spongebob." Oh, your pants are ripped or
your glutes ripped. Do you have striated
glutes?
striations in your glutius maximi?
Man, I don't know if I have striations
in my glutes cuz I can't see them, but I
don't think I do. I don't have ripped
glutes.
I try to keep my glutes really strong.
I try to keep strong glutes.
I don't know if uh fix everything. I
have no idea if a VPN would fix that
problem, bro. I I don't I can't
understand why Antarctic would not work
from anywhere in the world, but you
should always be using a VPN in general.
All right.
Woff is the best. Go in on the spring.
Yeah, sure. Woff, whatever you want to
call it. All right. Big shout out to
David BC147.
David BC147 8day blood diamond market
cipher a first time ever. Let's check it
out.
Let's check it. Let's check it. Let's
put this stuff in a
in a folder.
Let's go to the 8 day.
Let's put on market cipher a
first ever blood diamond on the 8day.
Well, that was the last candle there.
But yeah, I do see that.
And I do see that we've never had one
ever before.
So, what does that mean? You think?
It's hard to say. We've never had it
before. The only thing we can do is look
at the weekly. But here's the thing. We
We
I I don't I don't know how to interpret
it. I don't know how to interpret it.
It's not a bullish signal.
It's definitely a bearish signal. I
don't know how to interpret it. It's
very interesting. We had the three
yellow X pattern on the 8day before the
bull run was over. That was the only
time we've ever had that on the 8day.
The 8day is full of signals that we have
no no past data to test. We can't test
the past data. Do you say data or data?
Data or data.
All right, let me take off this 25 lb
weighted vest, guys.
Once I hit 20,000 sets for the day, I
take off I take off the weighted vest.
20,000 steps in a weighted vest, I
think, is good. It's a good target if
you want to uh if you want to have
ripped abs. When I say ripped abs, I
mean more ripped than 95% of people in
the world and still eat five, six, 700
grams of carbohydrates a day. All you
got to do is walk 20,000 steps in a
weighted vest every day, lift weights
three or four times a week real heavy,
sleep good, and eat whole unprocessed
foods. Anyway, enough about having
ripped abs and eating lots of carbs.
But
all right. Um, it's just a trigger wave
on Mark Seph. Is that what that is? Are
we buying or selling or waiting? Well,
here's the thing. I, if I didn't buy
Bitcoin already here, I would be buying
now. I'd be buying under 65K as a buy
number one. I've kind of gone over it,
but in general for me, between June and
November.
between June and November
um between 50 and 70% from the all-time
high is the time to buy. So in general,
we are looking from where we currently
are right now to build a position
essentially
right here.
All right. If we can build a position
here
within that green box, we are going to
be sitting pretty for the next bull run.
All right. And I believe the next bull
run begins Q4 2026, but people won't
notice it
until probably
until 2028 is when people are finally
going to acknowledge we're in a bull
run. But who knows? Honestly, I I I
don't know. I don't know. Cuz here's the
thing. as the crypto market continues,
the people in the market become more
mature as investors and as traders and
all this stuff, right? Like, let's be
honest.
Well, it's hard to it's really hard to
say actually because I'm so far removed
from from what I consider
like I know I'm a retail trader, don't
get me wrong, when I what's the right
word to use? like
people that hop into investments that
don't know anything about about analysis
or or market cycles or anything like I'm
so far removed from that world and my
whole entire I'm in an echo chamber of
traders. I'm in an echo chamber of
people that do this full-time. So, it's
really hard for me to get get a feel for
how your average person is thinking
about the market, you know?
So,
and and and also there's so much more
information out there these days than
there were four years ago or eight years
ago.
You know
what instrument am I using? That is
market cipher B. That's my oscillator.
Market cipher.
CBK Wahoo says
most likely larger drop coming once they
go for the 60K wick. It's going to
waterfall even more and S&P starts to
have corrections. Yeah, man. I mean, I
I'm I'm really hoping for a for a big
drop.
You know, I I have I have big hopes and
dreams.
You know, my leverage is as high as my
hopes and dreams. It's data, not data.
See, I always learned it data. The first
time I heard someone say data, I'm like,
what the heck are you talking about?
Data. I thought it was data. Data data.
Yeah.
Mech C is getting banned in your
country, then I would go right over to
KSEX, guys. KSEX right now, 10% deposit
bonus, $21,000
uh rewards, lowest fees period. All
right, KSEX has the lowest fees period.
0% limit, 0.01% market. I switched to
KSEX for Mexi
because KSEX basically functions and and
feels just like Mexi. User experience is
amazing. Interface is seamless. Mobile
app is amazing.
No slippage, huge orders. I've had no
problem getting $2 million orders filled
on on market order. And here's the
thing. If you're trying to fill a $2
million market order on KSEX,
instead of letting the slippage happen,
right, where your entry sucks, cuz we're
doing this to scalp, usually if I'm
going in that big of size,
instead of giving me a crappy entry with
a $2 million position, maybe only 1.4
before a million gets filled. But at the
exact time I pushed buy or sell, right?
So there's there there are implements in
place, especially if you like to scalp
to protect yourself from slippage. Like
I said, I've never experienced slippage
on KSEX. The only slippage I've
experienced obviously is if a stop loss
gets hit and you know that's just normal
on exchanges. You have a stop loss in
high volatility and you pay more than
you bargain for on that stop loss. But
as far as marketing in and out of
trades, I've never had to deal with
slippage as far as limit orders getting
filled. I've never had an order with uh
I've never had an issue with that
either. All right. I'm a big fan of KSX.
Of course, Antarctic decentralized
exchange. However, right now,
there's a limit on a position uh order
size. So, to avoid slippage,
there's a maximum $500,000 order. So, if
you're trying to limit in, you have to
set multiple limit orders. you're trying
to market in, you have to do multiple
market orders if you want to be in a
million-dollar trade or whatever. All
right?
But that's going to change as the
exchange gets bigger and better. All
right?
There's no volume. people trying to hold
people trying to catch knife are the
ones holding it up. Are we done using
Exo now? I mean, I'm done using Exo now.
I am using Market Monkey. And speaking
of Market Monkey, let's see what the
order flow looks like here.
The order flow on Market Monkey.
We have seen a big decrease of open
interest here. Wow. Let's just see if
we're an aggregate
CVD.
Oh man, my treadmill stopped and I'm
yawning already. What the heck?
Do you believe that yawning? What is
this?
All right.
All right. So, yeah, pretty much this
whole drop since we lost 67K has
happened on a decrease of open interest.
Small increase of open interest today.
Nothing too crazy.
Look at this. I mean, in general, the
the bears are in control here.
The bears are definitely in control
here. We we've seen large amounts of
shorts opening at around $72,000.
The breakdown of this, people shorted
the crap out of it and they are in
profit still. We've obviously had a
significant amount of shorts take profit
on the capitulation and with good
purpose, good reason.
But in general, a lot of those shorts
are still open, right?
general, a lot of those shorts are still
open and we have much fewer positions
open now than there were open on the 6th
of May. Let's go to a higher time frame.
Let's just go to like the 6 hour and
just kind of look overall at this
just so curious to see. Uh yeah, so in
general like we're seeing big decrease
of of open interest.
Got a lot of traders opening up
positions here and then they're all out.
This range has been the worst of them
all. Like slow steady increase but not
nothing crazy. And now kind of flushing
down. Similar amount of trades open
positions open right now as there were
back around this area. And you can see
the sheer amount of shorts
that have opened up here. As longs
piling on here as especially as we're
losing this level. People are shorting
the the the
breakdown of this key support resistance
flip-flop. This this was such a key
level honestly of the back test of this
right.
It was support. It was resistance
resistance. It was support and then as
soon as we lost that on the back test
man a lot of a lot of shorts opened up
and with good I mean it is a big support
resistance flip.
Big shout out to Jboy Bullish.
We got to give a big shout out to the
super chat David once again. 7-day blood
diamond hiking a she confirmed
yesterday. Looks like the April 2022
make. Okay, let's check it out. 7-day
hike in a sheet. Thank you so much for
the super chat, man.
7-day hike and ashy
market cipher a man. This has a 2020
vibe to it, doesn't it? This is like old
school like cryptoface live streams.
You said has a similar vibe to the 2022
Blood Diamond.
So, the reason why I I can't I see what
you mean. Okay, I see what you mean.
Because we had our high,
we had our consolidation.
We had our higher high, we had a drop,
we have the bare flag. All right. So, we
have our first high, we have our
consolidation.
We have our higher high, we have a drop.
Now, we have a bare flag. Right? The
reason why I don't quite feel like this
is the same is because of the time frame
that it's happening. All right? So
remember the four-year cycle, a year
after the top is the bottom. So that's
right around here, 365 days. That puts
us right around November 2022. All
right? And so this blood diamond printed
150 days after the all-time high, right?
So 150 days after the all-time high
takes us to
right around here. Okay? So this as far
as the time frame goes is akin to this
right here. Right?
So this right here
as far as the time goes in the four year
cycle is right here. Now as far as the
momentum goes this is right as the money
flows curving from the blue into the
purple. Right now the money flow is
actually curving from the purple into
the blue. All right. Okay, back here the
money flow is on the way below the zero
line. Here the money flow is on the way
above the zero line. It's definitely a
different vibe on the momentum. All
right. Now,
I do think
that perhaps where we are now is similar
to where we're at here. Okay,
right around here. or maybe around here
where the weekly momentum has given us
that first nice bottom
and now we're waiting for the divergence
to come in.
Right.
I see what you're saying. I do see what
you're saying. But I I do see some
differences as well with the time frame
and with the momentum waves here.
All right. But it's definitely a good uh
good thing to keep our eyes on for show.
For sure.
For sure. All right,
let's put on back to normal. Condales.
Los Angeles. Senorita
C. Senorita. Loses candales.
E. No. No.
No.
A migo.
No hikashi kandalaki amigo amiga
sorita.
Thank you so much for the super chat.
You know,
can it really just drop to 40k? But
maybe I don't I I wish I knew. Um
100 100 minutes on a treadmill every day
is enough to get nice abs without a
vest.
Um, I don't know what's 100 minutes.
That's like uh 10,000 steps. No, I'd say
no. No, no, no, no. You need you need
20,000 steps.
I'd say at least 20k steps. Um,
if you got a vest, it's better. But the
go here's the trick. Here's the trick.
You need to you need to stay active all
day, but not in a way that makes you
tired. Right? So, right now, I'm
leisurely walking. I'm I'm in no way out
of breath. I I'm in no way exerting
myself. I could probably do this for
another three, four, five hours. All
right, that's that's the trick. So, if
you're in front of a computer all day
sitting,
messing up your back, messing up your
hormones, messing up your insulin
sensitivity, messing up your body
composition,
then just get a walking desk. Just
enough so that you keep the blood
flowing, right? You're not trying to
work out. You're not trying to exercise.
I know sometimes I come on here and I'm
actually working out with a heavyweight
vest going real fast, but I don't do
that all day. All right.
Just a nice leisurely walk. 2 miles per
hour, 2.5, maybe three, depending on how
you're feeling, you know. Right now,
this is three miles per hour. Super
leisurely, you know.
Yeah. I'd say 10,000 steps a day is not
enough to have abs,
you know.
What do I listen to in my earbuds on
stream? I listen to the music that is
going through the system.
I listen to the music. It tunes
everything out. Because here's the
thing, Anthony Lee Krypto, and God bless
you, bro. Thanks for being here.
Uh, a lot of times I got kids running
around and all this and that, you know,
they're out here riding their bikes in
the driveway and stuff and
so I just shut everything out, the
headphones.
But actually, no, the truth is what I'm
listening to is I'm listening to Boyan
giving me signals.
All right.
I'm listening to Boyen giving me
signals. Bitcoin is so weak. Not a
single short squeeze, all this drop.
It's going to 5K. It's Here's the thing.
Um
here's the thing. Yeah, I feel you on
that. I I I was really surprised we
didn't get some kind of bounce from uh
678.
And I was also really surprised we get a
bounce from like uh the value area low.
So, yeah, but but here's the thing. The
the longer we come down and the slower
we do it,
typically the faster the bounce. All
right, like look at this. Okay, look at
this. All this crap in here. I mean, it
was like a joke. Just this is the the
weekly time frame. Weekly dogee after
weekly dogee after weekly dogee. Weekly
dogee after weekly dogee after weekly
dogee, right? Eventually, sellers get
exhausted. The lack of a short squeeze
doesn't necessarily
mean that another big drop to 5K is
coming. It could also mean sellers are
getting exhausted,
which then just causes price to
eventually get a move to the upside. And
it happens quick. Happens quick when it
happens.
You know, happens quick when it happens.
Yeah. Boy in the goat. Anthony Rick
Anthony Lee Crypto. It's hard to say
because I can't pronounce Anthony Reto.
He rides a bike to trade. He has a
walking desk, but the bouncing around
for me was tough to focus on the charts.
I feel you. I guess some people get
motion sick. Well, Anthony Lee Crypto is
the most jacked
guy. So, Anthony Lee Krypto, I should be
taking advice from him. Anthony Lee
Krypto, I need him to coach me. I need
you to be my coach, bro. I'm not even
kidding, man. I I I want you to I want
you to coach me. I want you to get me
jacked, stacked, and succulent.
I need I need your coaching, bro. I need
you to keep me accountable. I need you
to help me. I need you to be my trainer.
What's the difference between the 7-day
and the week?
Let's see.
I would pay Anthony Lee Crypto in
Bitcoin to be my coach.
We got the weekly and we got the 7-day.
You can see the difference. So on the
7day, we just opened up a new candle
today
as opposed to yesterday or as opposed to
uh in a few days, right? So you can see
the weekly candle is still open here for
another three days and 6 hours, but the
7day
we just opened the candle and we still
have it just opened today, right?
So it's different. It just gives you a
different perspective on the charts,
you know?
gives you a different perspective on the
charts.
Please tell Ben Buen I missed the shout
outs. I'll have to tell him here. I'll
tell him right now. Buen
um
uh 30 trades crypto misses the shout
outs. All right.
You lost 40 pounds in two months. That's
legit. Cherry City Bullseye
or Bullies. That's cool. That's what's
up.
Um,
how much of my spot budget
am I in now? One/3. One third. One third
of my spot. All right. One third of my
spot.
Is it normal that the S&P, NASDAQ,
copper, gold, and silver, and oil
alltime high, and cryptos been dumping?
Um, I don't know because we don't
usually see gold and oil bull bear
cycles like what we're seeing now. you
know, we don't usually see that. So,
we're going to we're going to find out.
Now,
if you want to keep it simple, the
weekly is more accurate than 7 days,
says Clown World Crypto. I like them
both. Have you ever heard of the Snake
Juice Diet YouTuber?
Potassium and sodium, salts, and water
to lose weight.
I've never heard I've heard of the snake
diet, but uh I am big on salt. I I
consume a lot of sodium and also I have
a water softener right here that puts
potassium into the water.
So, I'm big on electrolytes.
I'm big on sweet potatoes, regular
potatoes, fruits, vegetables, they all
have electrolytes. Celery,
you know
what do I think of coin margin? I think
coin margin's amazing
if you are bullish on that coin, right?
If you're shorting Bitcoin inverse
perpetual to make Bitcoin on the way
down, that's cool. Uh I typically just
short USDT and then buy Bitcoin. But if
you're longing inverse perpetual coin
margin
on the way up, you're making money in
the coin that you're bullish on. It
compounds it compounds the the gains.
Compounds the gains right there.
This is your first time opening a trade.
Should I open a 10x short on Bitcoin
right now? Thomas Mleier, here's what
you got to do, my friend. Here's what
you got to do. Here's what you got to
do. All right. Head on over to the Jason
Casper YouTube channel. All right.
And check out the Jason Casper free
trading course and go through all 16,
sorry, go through all 18 sessions of the
Jason Casper free trading course, 100%
free. where I dress up in a nice golden
blonde wig to teach you
how to trade. Okay, now here's the
thing.
You should probably close that trade and
learn. Your first time opening a trade,
you should probably close the trade and
and learn first. All right,
Thomas Malleier,
you know,
but I'm pretty sure you're just joking
with me, bro.
All right, let's see. We got it.
best for saying coin margin inverse and
inverse is coin margin. All right,
inverse is coin margin. Shout out to
Alex O. God bless you, bro.
God bless you, Alex O. Guys, make sure
to go subscribe to Alex O Crypto.
Yeah, we're in Chop City. We're in Chop
City. Chippity chip chop chippity chop
chippity chippity
chop chippity chip chippity
chop chippity chop ch.
All right, guys. I don't know what else
to say. I don't know what else to say. I
think I think I might have to end the
stream. I have nothing else to talk
about.
you know. So, peace.